ifconfig mgmt0 198.18.225.102 255.255.255.0 198.18.225.68

```1```
loader>
set ip 198.18.225.101 255.255.255.0
set gw 198.18.225.68

```2```
boot tftp://198.18.225.68/n3000-uk9-kickstart.6.0.2.U6.10.bin
copy ftp: bootflash:
n3000-uk9-kickstart.6.0.2.U6.10.bin


```3```
copy ftp: bootflash:
n3000-uk9.6.0.2.U6.10.bin

```4```
load bootflash:n3000-uk9.6.0.2.U6.10.bin

```5```
sp1a# install all kickstart n3000-uk9-kickstart.6.0.2.U6.10.bin system n3000-uk9.6.0.2.U6.10.bin

install all kickstart n3000-uk9-kickstart.6.0.2.U6.10.bin system n3000-uk9.6.0.2.U6.10.bin

install all nxos bootflash:nxos.7.0.3.I7.8.bin compact

703i78
82a013ffb8ce475023516cc160610108

install all nxos bootflash:nxos.7.0.3.I7.8.bin


```6``` scp compact
copy scp://greg@198.18.225.68/Users/f16/16scp/nxos.9.2.2.bin bootflash: compact vrf management


issue with sp1a
"allow delete boot-image" requires additional steps to work as expected
CSCvp00678  
Customer Visible
Notifications
Save Bug
Open Support Case
Description


Symptom:
The "allow delete boot-image" EXEC mode command that allows users to delete the NX-OS software binary image file that a Nexus switch is currently booted from requires additional steps to work as expected. As shown below, simply enabling "allow delete boot-image" and attempting to delete the file from the switch's bootflash does not work as expected.

switch# allow delete boot-image
Delete/overwriting of current boot images is allowed. Please be aware that this could affect HA.
switch# del bootflash:nxos.9.3.6.bin
Destination file is a boot image.Cannot overwrite/delete. Check 'Show Boot'.
switch#


Conditions:
This issue is observed on all Nexus 3000 and 9000 series switches.

Workaround:
To delete the NX-OS software binary image file that a Nexus switch is currently booted from, follow the below workaround:

1. Enable the "allow delete boot-image" command within EXEC mode.

switch# allow delete boot-image
Delete/overwriting of current boot images is allowed. Please be aware that this could affect HA.
switch# 


2. Remove the NX-OS boot statement from the switch's configuration with the "no boot nxos" global configuration command.

switch# configure terminal
switch(config)# no boot nxos
switch(config)# end
switch#


3. Save the switch's configuration with the "copy running-config startup-config".

switch# copy running-config startup-config
[########################################] 100%
switch#


4. Delete the NX-OS software binary image file that the Nexus switch is currently booted from with the "delete" command.

switch# delete bootflash:nxos.9.3.7a.bin
Do you want to delete "/nxos.9.3.7a.bin" ? (yes/no/abort)   [y] y
switch#


Further Problem Description:
None.

PSIRT Evaluation:
The Cisco PSIRT has evaluated this issue and does not meet the criteria for PSIRT ownership or involvement. This issue will be addressed via normal resolution channels.
 
If you believe that there is new information that would cause a change in the severity of this issue, please contact psirt@cisco.com for another evaluation.
 
Additional information on Cisco's security vulnerability policy can be found at the following URL:
 
https://tools.cisco.com/security/center/resources/security_vulnerability_policy.html